feat: introduce `experiments.advancedEsm` with Rspack's EsmLibraryPlugin (#1273)
web-infra-dev/rslib: website/docs/en/config/lib/experiments.mdx

# lib.experiments

> Used to enable some experimental features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to enable some Rslib experimental features.
```

## experiments.advancedEsm

- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`

> Controls whether to enable Rspack experimental ESM output. When enabled, it emits ESM output that is more beautiful, more friendly to static analysis, and supports code splitting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls whether to enable Rspack experimental ESM output. When enabled, it emits ESM output that is high-quality, more friendly to static analysis, and supports code splitting.
```
